Although the entire vb project, with the exception of the mx resolver and some of the asp code is my own work, there are still many people out there who helped in some way or another.



In completely random order:

Mike Doonan, for giving me his ASP parser, I did change part of it, and add the form posting, and fixed several bugs, but asp should really be credited to him (It was his Idea and he sent me his code, which is like the only other code in the universe that even attempts to evaluate ASP scripts (to my knowledge)

Gregg Housh, who wrote the mx lookup control (smtp-less email used in sendmail). I have been wanting to find out how to do this for AGES! Thanks greg!

Aztec (of PSC), for 'lending' me his php Message Board.

Jarrad Collums (of PSC), for 'lending' me his perl quiz script.

Egi (of PSC), for the nice ASP poll script (proving to me that my webserver can use databases)(and proving to me that it doesn't support asp-redirection or asp-setcookies)

Dax Ahweng, for sharing his perl upload file code, enabling me to figure out something I forgot in the '<FORM>' tag, saving 2-3 nights of hair pulling. (I'm not using his code, btw)

Kaustav Acharya, for the asp guestbook.

Steven E. Brenner, for cgi-lib.pl. the BEST perl script out there! (I use for recieving POST data and file uploads.

Peter Sienkiewicz (of PSC), for showing me how php uses cookies.

Every author of every code on PSC. I have no vb manuals, and when I choose 'help' from the menu, it tells me to insert a non-existant cd. (and i had to learn from somewhere)

Everybody who votes for this code.

Everybody who uses this code.

Everybody who voted for the previous release:
Custom Made Programs
hacker_mark14
cbudd
Thnder
Davy Goessens
dswatik
cxzuk
dA riPpA!
lyceria
webmaster
Bram
Biggt
John Zappone
deese1
hacker_extraordinaire
nurosoft
ricardo arias
dbykowski
scott
shreedharg
Jean Nuñez
tlslegacy
a_jardon
schatn
SHKBOBO
swthin
snowboardr
eldut
Cypher
bguenthner
Austin Agarwal
LOOKNAO
zotteke123
kuikak
Timothy Marin
flypig00000
backupsworld
knuckles359
predator2187
Eurisco
nexumtheking
nburton
Coite Moss

Thanks guys!

Ashley